Lazydocs: API Reference doc refresh (#1424)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/models/track/runs/rewind.md

{{% alert %}}
* To rewind a run, you must have [W&B Python SDK](https://pypi.org/project/wandb/) version >= `0.17.1`.

> * You must use monotonically increasing steps. You can not use non-monotonic steps defined with [`define_metric()`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run#define_metric" >}}) because it disrupts the required chronological order of run history and system metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must use monotonically increasing steps. This does not work with non-monotonic steps defined with [`define_metric()`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/classes/run#define_metric" >}}) because it disrupts the required chronological order of run history and system metrics.
```

## Rewind a run

> Use `resume_from` with [`wandb.init()`]({{< relref "/ref/python/sdk/functions/init" >}}) to "rewind" a run’s history to a specific step. Specify the name of the run and the step you want to rewind from:

Reviewer: I'm not sure "rewind" needs to be in quotes if that is what we are calling the feature. I acknowledge the skew with the API name.
